>> Kadi Kraman: And actually, one thing
that I wanted to show you that I didn't
add initially in the example app is that,
when we reload we actually get this
little, so this is like an overdue state.
But when we open it it's initially white
and then it flicks to the red state.
And the reason that's happening is
because we are using use effect to
asynchronously fetch from storage,
but the initial state that we
have is that it is not overdue,
so it's like this default state.
And this normally isn't a problem because
this method of using asyncStorage,
so this is how it works
kind of under the hood.
And it's useful to know that
this is how it works, but
in usual production applications you
would use a state management library,
which will then handle the fetching for
you.
And then you can keep your splash
screen up while you're fetching, and
things like that.
But in our case, we can actually do
something simple and just show a loading
spinner while things are being fetched so
we wouldn't get this flicker.
So I'm gonna just quickly show
you how you might do that.
So in your app native,
you have this built-in component,
it's called an activity indicator.
[COUGH] Just before I return,
I'm going to just to show you,
do a view and
render the activity indicator in there.
So this is what it looks like,
let me just style it a little bit better.
So styles, activityIndicatorContainer,
that was a long style name.
>> Kadi Kraman: So
let's give it a background color of white.
>> Kadi Kraman: And
let's to justify a content center and
an item center and a flex 1,
we do recognize styles so
much, so just to go through them,
because it's such a common thing.
So flex 1 says, make this container
fill the entire size of the parent.
>> Kadi Kraman: And
then justifyContent center says,
center this item in the parent.
So if you've ever used justifontent
center and it's not centering,
it's because you haven't done the flex1.
So the container isn't even
as big as you were expecting.
So I have written these
three styles about a billion
times in my life I think,
and I think that is it.
So okay, so what we can do now is we
can add another useState to whether or
not we are done fetching
our initial state.
So let's just say is loading and
set is loading.
There'll be a useState, and
it will start with true.
>> Kadi Kraman: And in our useState
where we set the initial count as state,
let's also do setIsLoading false.
>> Kadi Kraman: Here in our return,
we can do if isloading,
we can return early out of our function.
And do this little full
screen loading thing.
>> Kadi Kraman: [COUGH] I've
forgotten there is one more thing.
So it's actually, it's not ready until
we have set this use effect, mm-hm.
Okay, so actually, it's finished loading
when the first interval has been set.
This is interesting.
>> Kadi Kraman: It's always tricky when
you have initial state, as well okay,
let's put the letter that is loading here.
So if there is a last,
be a timestamp.
>> Kadi Kraman: Okay, so would that work?
>> Kadi Kraman: Okay, so this does
work it actually wouldn't work now
with the initial load because
if we didn't have a last
completed timestamp,
then it would load forever.
We can add some additional
handling to this, but
I'm not going to do it right now.
I think the idea was to show that you
could do like a full screen loading state
and this is what and that does.
>> Kadi Kraman: Okay, CountDownStatus so
let's actually put it in here.
So let's put the isloading
in the CountDownStatus.
Would that make sense yes?
>> Kadi Kraman: Okay, we actually
needed two parameters here.
This is what happens when you add
things to your course that you weren't
planning on.
But it's interesting, okay, so
we actually have two statuses here.
So we have whether we've
fetched it from storage and
then whether we've actually
set this interval.
>> Kadi Kraman: So in our CountDownStatus,
we have isloading to whether
it's been fetched from start.
So let's do that I do
wanna get this right?
>> Kadi Kraman: I guess so
I'm gonna call this, okay and
then,
>> Kadi Kraman: We
call an axis, these from here.
>> Kadi Kraman: I'm gonna leave
it as is for the time being, so
this will work if you've had at least
one time you've pressed this button.
>> Kadi Kraman: All right, and
make sure that it works on my phone.